hi such areas today I bring you
I have treated that I want to finish
this is a video says that several times
They are doing right now recently
and the truth is that I like a lot
pretty good because we read right now
all so many sagas that is so that
let's take a little control I'll
start with this year's rates that I've
started and I know for sure that I'm going to
continue this year
next good the first one with which
we meet is battle of kings is
a trilogy and it says the review and I have
the other two in ebook so this year
I'm sure
The Visigoth of Isabella San Sebastian
which is a biology I do not have to second
but I want to read it under the sky
eternal of veronica rossi is a trilogy
of young dystopian new liked a lot
missing but for taking out in Spanish and
I will definitely finish it
the side of Luis Lowry I liked a lot
three more books I think there's the saga
complete in my library so I
I will do with him I had thought to read it this
summer but we'll see how the thing I think
that this year does not happen by the way is a
juvenile book I almost liked
a lot and says the review claire the beat and
the city of the dead of bleed this
it's a saga of a detective and every
book is going to be a different case the
second book is in the USA but here in
Spain not because it has been taken out of this
year the first I hope it will continue
editing in Spanish but I'll read it
in English because I liked one
of my favorite books this year the
next and that I will not doubt a
moment to follow is going to be the saga of
the seven kingdoms this is the first the
king demon I also have the second one already
the exiled queen are
books the third one is also in
Spanish and in ebook format I liked it
a lot of fantasy and in jet world of
susanne and I learned recently that a
saga of six books I thought it was a
trilogy and that I've thrown myself a bit to
back but the truth is that it has
liked it a lot and I think I will continue
with her
of course game of thrones occasion of
ice and fire I have three this storm
of swords which is the third
and clash of kings all of george rr
Martin those three assured this one yes that
I read them this year but the fourth and the
fifth
and so it came I'll ask my cousin and if
I will not ask for it for kings
probably
one of the ones that I started last year and
I wanted to continue with her but still
I do not have the other two books is heart
of fire of death has already left recently
the third is a pity that it is not in
none
is a dystopia is great one of the
best books that I saw myself last year
by the way if you are interested is
595 I believe they will no longer continue with the
salt in spanish yes friends 6
another of my favorites from the end of 2013
marissa mayer I have scarlett that I
I will read shortly
good when I say pro doctor to the best
at this moment I have a lot of desire and
before now I thought that next year
they were going to take out winter that is going to be the
last and fourth book of the saga and goes
there to take another
or whatever it is that he was not
planned voucher has been in surprise plan
so the last book in the saga does not
we're going to have until 2016 or over there
super favoritism daughter of a very bone
has come out in June the third in the
trilogy in Spanish
this book I have to be prepared and
mentalized and I also want to reread it
before putting me with the other two that
I do not have it yet but they are already on my list
of books that I'm going to ask for Christmas